everyone ok so today I'm going to be
giving you an update and hopefully a
current time frame ish on my brushes and
when they're going to be available as
you know in a previous video I was going
to be doing my brushes with a
manufacturer and they would make them my
name would go on them and all of that
brings really exciting things it meant I
could have got into supermarkets I could
have gone into boots here in the UK and
abroad could have gone into the drug
stores they would have been everywhere
and it would have been fantastic but
because brushes are so close to my heart
I know brushes and I love brushes they
make me very happy I wanted these
brushes to be perfect they have to be
perfect and I just was uncomfortable i
had this uncomfortable feeling that I
wanted the mine I didn't want them owned
by anybody else I wanted them mine and
the requirements that i had we're going
to be hard to meet so here's what i did
i said goodbye to all of that and i've
decided to do them on my own so I'm
going to talk to you about them and hope
you'll understand these brushes that
hopefully will be available in a few
months time are commissioned by me they
are paid for by me they are my entire
savings have gone into this project all
i have is going into this they're mine
and my alone and i'm hoping that you
will love them what I wanted the first
thing I wanted was to make sure that no
animals because the synthetic hair
options just do not hold product the
same way the natural hair does so the
first thing I needed to do was to make
sure that no animals were being killed
to make these brushes then I needed to
make sure that they were following the
correct guidelines on and I'm a welfare
and all that stuff so when I found out
that we could do that that was tick tick
that was great the next thing I wanted
was to make sure that my brushes were
handmade I don't want a machine touching
them I don't want the made by machine
when machines do them they don't look as
nice and they don't feel as nice the
hairs are cut and they're blunt which
can give a scratch
to surface I want mine handmade so we
bug it off to japan and i'm getting my
brushes hand made by artisans they are
completely handmade in the hair is not
cut it is gorgeous and they are so so
soft I promise they are like silk one of
the brushes that I'm doing that'll be
released is like a precision powder
brush it's it's small and it will apply
powder bronzer highlighter blusher one
single brush you don't need nine one
single brush and it's like silk it will
not irritate the skin it will not
exfoliate the skin it is beautiful and
the my requirements were those I wanted
these brushes I wanted to be proud of
these brushes I wanted to know that they
were soft they were gorgeous they were
everything I wanted in the brush I
didn't want a flat eyeshadow brush you
know like a standard eyeshadow brush no
I on crease brushes that will apply a
wash of color to the eyelid and go into
the crease and blend it for you and I
want to push liner brush the tiniest
push liner brush you've ever seen so
that we retain all the lid space and
that's what I'm getting the collection
that hopefully will be around about 12
brushes but I'm funding this myself I
cannot afford to start with 12 brushes
because they're just too expensive so
the first batch will be a set of six
brushes they won't be a set that all be
individual brushes so you can buy them
all individually they're not going to be
five pounds because it's just not
possible they cost more than that to
make but I want them perfect and I want
you to realize like I said about this
I'm brush to apply all your color with
you know I don't want to hide a brush
and a blusher brush and a highlighter
brush and a bronzer brush when one
single one can do it all it's much
better I've always said it's much better
to get a really good brush and use cheap
makeup than it is to use expensive
makeup and a bad brush because the
brushes will do it for you and I'm
hoping when you see them the crease
brushes you'll understand why they're
built that way and how they can blend
and bleed out color really easily and
that's really it i hope that you like
them
as soon as the final batch arrived I
will do videos on them and show you how
to use them and then they'll be
available for sale they will be
available for sale here in the UK and
everywhere else around the world but
obviously the shipping is going to
become problematic because shipping
abroad is expensive but they will be
available to everybody because of the
funding of this in the price of all
these there will only be three hundred
brushes available on each of the six to
begin with once they're gone and sold
and I hope they do so i will then
restock them and hopefully try and add
the rest of the brushes to the
collection so there'll be a foundation
there'll be a couple of different ones
like i mentioned about the Padawan a
bigger one that does different things it
can pick up incredible amounts of
pigment with but have them look like
nothing on the skin the crease brushes
are contouring brush all of that kind of
thing and they're very important to me
close to my heart which is why I decided
to do it myself I just want these
perfect they have to be perfect and they
have to be the softest things you've
ever felt if you have irritated eyes
like I do when you go underneath the eye
you can tear up really quickly and I
want to brush it so soft people not feel
like anything on the skin you barely
feel it on there so that's it just
wanted to keep you all updated and say
that we have it I haven't forgotten
about them it's just been a change of
direction and I need to follow what I
love and this is what I love and
hopefully you will all love them too and
you'll understand why I decided to go
the way that I did because they're mine
and I want the mind I want them to be
good and how made an artist sounds and I
want them sourced and all of the things
that I want that are important to me and
you know it's scary because this is sort
of my money this is all I've got but um
I want them great and I hope that you
like them and i will show you them all
very very soon as soon as they arrive so
thank you for your time thank you for
watching and I will see you all very
soon thank you so much
you